this women pablonator Vicki
Backstreet Boys
all set on Jesus God heal the Janeiro
but it will that with a backseat boys
involved on it on TV coming off it
ha ha ha ha Bella album black and blue
hope they offered me a little boy ha
things on a Malcolm to Rio de Janeiro
hi
most memorable experience this coffee
right now I think so far today we were
in Cape Town South Africa and they
brought a cheetah into our press
conference we had to take a picture and
cappuccino shoot up a cheetah it was
really cool to see you alive piece of
Africa there in front of your face and
then you flew here to Rio all on the
same day and we all know going to New
York day know there's like 20 hours went
down that's the most memorable to me
five boys if you had to be stuck on one
each how would you separate us I stay in
Australian I stand sitting my protector
my patients we're really cool I mean I
love them I love America I love Canada
America roots there and everything but I
think my lion roots will probably catch
me if I have to choose one of the other
one South America where'd you be Nate
what I've been to you they're gonna take
me spitter I'll bite you take it home
well nobody picked ochio
no no we pick Tokyo yet I pick Sydney
and then Tokyo electronic she does it
Tokyo is cool but I think I was
intrigued with
we said that it's going to be judged by
the record they will sell the million
copies welcome you do not yes it's a
little bit of you know for me I'm gonna
think about a PR everybody's
expectations of what we rights do you
know if we don't do what they expect and
what are they going to say about it and
everything you know but then I thought
about them like well you know really all
we care about is just making our fans
happy and just doing what makes us
personally happy because if you try to
you try to please the critics can you
try to please or all these other people
then you know if you're not doing what
you originally came into this business
to do and that was to make music because
you enjoy doing it because you love
we're very proud of this album I think
the most out of all the albums because
the fact that we were involved so much
in this one and you know it's it's all
about making good music if you know if
the fans like it you know that
everything will just you know lead
itself in a place sales we like it
hopefully our fans will like it all over
the world
it's the Backstreet Boys